readme.md, before:

# Specify Imports

A Babel plugin that allows you to specify your imports based off a config file.

A good use case for this plugin would be a project that will be built many different times, and each build requires a different set of components. Instead of inculding each component for every different build, you can use Specify Imports to import only the required modules for that build.

# Installation
```
$ npm install babel-specify-imports
```
# Usage
In your .babelrc, or wherever your plugins are defined, specify the imports by defining moduleListPath. This path is relative to process.cwd().
``` javascript
{
    plugins: [
        ["specify-imports", {
            "moduleListPath": "path/to/settings.js",
            "extensions" : 'js',
            }
        ]
    ]
}
```

settings.js should export the list of module names that you want to use
```javascript
module.exports = {
    moduleList: [
        "myModule",
        "aCustomModule",
        "awesomeComponent"
    ]
}
```

However, a more useful way to export the module list would be something like this
```javascript
const settings = {
    views: [
        {
            moduleName: "myModule",
            viewSettings: {}
        },
        {
            moduleName: "aCustomModule",
            viewSettings: {}
        },
        {
            moduleName: "awesomeComponent",
            viewSettings: {}
        }
    ]
}
module.exports = {
    settings: settings, // to be used elsewhere in the project
    moduleList: settings.views.map(view => view.moduleName) // used by specify-import
}
```

In the file that you want to import your modules into, indicate that you will be using Specify Imports by using the "\[list]" identifier and a relative path. Specify Imports will not modify any other import statements.
```javascript
import myModules from './modules/[list]'; 
```

This will cause the above import statement to transpile into:
```javascript
const myModules = {};
import  myThirdModule2 from "./modules/myThirdModule.js";
myModules["myThirdModule"] =  myThirdModule2;
import  myOtherModule1 from "./modules/myOtherModule.js";
myModules["myOtherModule"] =  myOtherModule1;
import  myModule0 from "./modules/myModule.js";
myModules["myModule"] =  myModule0;
```

The modules can be referenced like any object member
```javascript 
myModules.myOtherModule1.doSomething();
```

But its typically most useful to iterate through the parent object with a for...in loop, or another method.
```javascript
for(const myModule in myModules){
    // do something with each imported module
}
```
# Other Features
Specify Imports checks for the existance of a file before including it.

# Development

Install Jest globally with:
```bash
$ yarn global add jest
```
If 'yarn install' is giving you trouble because of something like:
```bash
error fsevents@2.1.2: The platform "win32" is incompatible with this module.
error Found incompatible module.
```

Then do:
```bash
$ yarn install --ignore-platform
```

## Testing
Just run:
```bash
$ jest
```


# References
- https://github.com/jamiebuilds/babel-handbook/blob/master/translations/en/plugin-handbook.md
- https://github.com/babel-utils/babel-plugin-tester
- https://github.com/vihanb/babel-plugin-wildcard/
- https://stackoverflow.com/a/36755665


[//]: # (vscode markdown preview shortcut is command + shift + v)

Commit message:

asset import now loads config data

readme.md, after:

# Specify Imports

A Babel plugin that allows you to specify your imports based off a config file.

A good use case for this plugin would be a project that will be built many different times, and each build requires a different set of components. Instead of inculding each component for every different build, you can use Specify Imports to import only the required modules for that build.


You specify which list of imports you want to use in your JS files by using the es6 import statements:
``` js
import stuff from "[myList]"
```

the plugin then looks up the definition of "myList" then imports the defined modules at compile time.

Its possible to define myList in any way you want, although it is intended to be defined as a map of a configuration json object.

This way, it becomes possible to completely define the structure of a build with a single JSON configuration file. 



# Installation
```
$ npm install babel-specify-imports
```
# Usage
In your .babelrc, or wherever your plugins are defined, specify the imports by defining moduleListPath. This path is relative to process.cwd().
``` javascript
{
    plugins: [
        ["specify-imports", {
            "moduleListPath": "path/to/settings.js",
            "extensions" : 'js',
            }
        ]
    ]
}
```

settings.js should export the list of module names that you want to use
```javascript
module.exports = {
    moduleList: [
        "myModule",
        "aCustomModule",
        "awesomeComponent"
    ]
}
```

However, a more useful way to export the module list would be something like this
```javascript
const settings = {
    views: [
        {
            moduleName: "myModule",
            viewSettings: {}
        },
        {
            moduleName: "aCustomModule",
            viewSettings: {}
        },
        {
            moduleName: "awesomeComponent",
            viewSettings: {}
        }
    ]
}
module.exports = {
    settings: settings, // to be used elsewhere in the project
    moduleList: settings.views.map(view => view.moduleName) // used by specify-import
}
```

In the file that you want to import your modules into, indicate that you will be using Specify Imports by using the "\[list]" identifier and a relative path. Specify Imports will not modify any other import statements.
```javascript
import myModules from './modules/[list]'; 
```

This will cause the above import statement to transpile into:
```javascript
const myModules = {};
import  myThirdModule2 from "./modules/myThirdModule.js";
myModules["myThirdModule"] =  myThirdModule2;
import  myOtherModule1 from "./modules/myOtherModule.js";
myModules["myOtherModule"] =  myOtherModule1;
import  myModule0 from "./modules/myModule.js";
myModules["myModule"] =  myModule0;
```

The modules can be referenced like any object member
```javascript 
myModules.myOtherModule1.doSomething();
```

But its typically most useful to iterate through the parent object with a for...in loop, or another method.
```javascript
for(const myModule in myModules){
    // do something with each imported module
}
```
# Other Features
Specify Imports checks for the existance of a file before including it.

# Development

Install Jest globally with:
```bash
$ yarn global add jest
```
If 'yarn install' is giving you trouble because of something like:
```bash
error fsevents@2.1.2: The platform "win32" is incompatible with this module.
error Found incompatible module.
```

Then do:
```bash
$ yarn install --ignore-platform
```

## Testing
Just run:
```bash
$ jest
```


# References
- https://github.com/jamiebuilds/babel-handbook/blob/master/translations/en/plugin-handbook.md
- https://github.com/babel-utils/babel-plugin-tester
- https://github.com/vihanb/babel-plugin-wildcard/
- https://stackoverflow.com/a/36755665


[//]: # (vscode markdown preview shortcut is command + shift + v)
